feat(cli): add account private-key command (#370)
wevm/mppx: .changeset/account-private-key-command.md

---
'mppx': patch
---

> Add an `mppx account private-key` command for exporting the private key of local keychain-backed accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added `account private-key` command for exporting the private key of local keychain-backed accounts.
```
